Stable diffusion section (#27)
Ctrl-Alt-Defeat-Foundation-Models/informatiCup2024Paper: paper.tex

\subsection{Generating models}

\subsubsection{Image generating models}

> The first image generating model we us is the Stable Diffusion model. It is developed by engineers and researchers from CompVis (\url{https://github.com/CompVis}), Stability AI (\url{https://stability.ai/}) and LAION (\url{https://laion.ai/}) \cite{patil2022stable}. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The first image generative model we use is the Stable Diffusion model. It is developed by engineers and researchers from CompVis (\url{https://github.com/CompVis}), Stability AI (\url{https://stability.ai/}) and LAION (\url{https://laion.ai/}) \cite{patil2022stable}. 
```
